docs: add documentation for using layers with private repos (#26094)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/9.layers.md

})
```

> The above example illustrates extending from a public GitHub repository. To extend from a **private** GitHub repository, follow the modified approach outlined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass an authentication token if you are extending from a private GitHub repository:
```

```ts twoslash [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  extends: [
    // per layer configuration
    ['github:my-themes/private-awesome', { giget: { auth: process.env.GH_TOKEN } }]
  ]
})
```

> This uses [giget](https://unjs.io/packages/giget) under the hood for authenticating access to private repositories. For more information about this, visit [the documentation](https://unjs.io/packages/giget#providing-token-for-private-repositories) on "Providing token for private repositories"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This uses [unjs/giget](https://giget.unjs.io) under the hood for authenticating access to private repositories. For more information about this, visit [the documentation](https://unjs.io/packages/giget#providing-token-for-private-repositories) on "Providing token for private repositories"
```

> This uses [giget](https://unjs.io/packages/giget) under the hood for authenticating access to private repositories. For more information about this, visit [the documentation](https://unjs.io/packages/giget#providing-token-for-private-repositories) on "Providing token for private repositories"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This uses [giget](https://unjs.io/packages/giget) under the hood for authenticating access to private repositories. For more information about this, visit [the documentation](https://unjs.io/packages/giget#providing-token-for-private-repositories) on "Providing token for private repositories"
```

})
```

You can also pass an authentication token if you are extending from a private GitHub repository:

```ts twoslash [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  extends: [
    // per layer configuration

>     ['github:my-themes/private-awesome', { giget: { auth: process.env.GH_TOKEN } }]

Reviewer 2: Let's wait for https://github.com/unjs/c12/issues/142 before adding docs

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/unjs/c12/releases/tag/v1.10.0

>     ['github:my-themes/private-awesome', { giget: { auth: process.env.GH_TOKEN } }]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ['github:my-themes/private-awesome', { auth: process.env.GITHUB_TOKEN }]
```

  ]
})
```

> This uses [giget](https://unjs.io/packages/giget) under the hood for authenticating access to private repositories. For more information about this, visit [the documentation](https://unjs.io/packages/giget#providing-token-for-private-repositories) on "Providing token for private repositories"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nuxt uses [unjs/c12](https://c12.unjs.io) and [unjs/giget](https://giget.unjs.io) for extending remote layers. Check the documentation for more information and all available options.
```
